Ha ha ha
It makes people laugh their teeth off.
Did I beg her to give it to me?
The throne.
All my glory is the favor of Your Majesty and the Princess.
What does that have to do with her?
Wow.
What an order.
Everything you think you have.
Is it just because of grace?
No.
You have her in the back helping you.
You've got everything today.
And today if you don't stop at the cliff
Later only regret.
Li Wenxiao, do you want a path to the dark?
That's funny.
Just relying on him is just a rural woman.
Can you grant me the throne of peace?
Can you give me this glory?
I don't know what kind of personal relationship you two have.
But what happened today...
I will report honestly to God.
The Princess Report
Then I'll see what you do.
Good words are hard to advise.
Fucking man.
Let's not talk to him anymore.
Now Van Hieu is coming.
The emperor's dragon chariot and the chief princess's phoenix chariot will arrive at any time.
She's crazy here to hurt us.
Li Huining.
I can read about old love.
May God and the princess spare your life.
But if you dare to meddle in my affairs.
Don't blame me for not remembering my ex.
Let me live.
Yes, I'm the adopted daughter of the princess.
Maybe the princess will give me this face.
But if you kneel down now...
Send me Mr. Wei
Apologize to the leaders present.
I will.
Spare your life.
Li Wenxiao, do you think you are being gracious?
You only use power to oppress.
Just protesting with me.
I've been raising you for over 20 years.
Plus 20 years of my life.
In exchange for such an outcome.
It's a shame.
You don't know you'll give up
What kind of existence?
And my life.
I'm sitting here.
I'll see.
Who Dares to Take It